Improve pricing strategy and services description (#1129)
2i2c-org/team-compass: organization/service-model.md

(mission:service-model)=
# Service model

What 2i2c does for member communities, and how we fund it.
See [](product:pricing-strategy) for numbers and [](./value-proposition.md) for persona messaging.

## Areas of service

These are four key areas where we support member communities.
Memberships blend all four, while directed engagements usually emphasize a subset of them.

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - Area
  - What it is
* - **Operate**

>   - Deploy and run infrastructure on behalf of communities, usually via one or more JupyterHubs on commercial cloud.

Reviewer: Just say "on a cloud service"? Saying "commercial cloud" seems unnecessarily constraining given our aspirations.

>   - Deploy and run infrastructure on behalf of communities, usually via one or more JupyterHubs on commercial cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Deploy and run infrastructure on behalf of communities, usually via one or more JupyterHubs on s cloud service.
```

* - **Connect & Advise**
  - Connect communities and funders, sense shared problems, and advise on strategy and design with our communities.
```

## Membership and directed engagements

There are two ways to support our work - **membership** is a common base for every contract, and **directed engagements** stack in addition.

General Membership
: sustains a shared baseline across all four areas, renewed annually.
  See the [service description](https://sales.2i2c.org/service-description) for what each tier includes.
  It keeps hubs running and funds upstream work.

Premier membership
: adds additional capacity for our impact, provides deeper roadmap influence, as well as additional time for engaging in the four areas described above.

Directed engagements
: add dedicated capacity on top, at [our rate](product:pricing-strategy).
A member puts extra funding behind one or more areas and helps steer it.

Example 1: a member community co-funds roadmap project that leads with **Build**, but also involves running a prototype hub (**Operate**) and extra upstream engagement (**Steward**) as result.

> Example 2: A member with no hub points a directed engagement entirely at **Steward** because they wish for directed support to go towards an upstream community they depend on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 2: A member with no hub points a directed engagement entirely at **Steward** because they wish for directed support to go towards an upstream community they depend on.

Example 3: A member joins another community's hub. They share the cost of that community's **Operate** and use **Connect & Advise** to design their shared sociotechnical community.
```

I want to illustrate Connect & Advise in these examples - you might have better ideas; I'm thinking of GHub in this case

(mission:service-model)=
# Service model

What 2i2c does for member communities, and how we fund it.
See [](product:pricing-strategy) for numbers and [](./value-proposition.md) for persona messaging.

## Areas of service

These are four key areas where we support member communities.
Memberships blend all four, while directed engagements usually emphasize a subset of them.

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - Area
  - What it is

> * - **Operate**

Reviewer 2: This section needs to be updated with the DOCS framing developed by April, Chris and Jim in Huntsville in July 2026.
